so look try to remove the flag for you
with screw this is a cool moment hope my
tutorial will help you and probably let's
start now i will try
show you the screw flasks are you ready
look i'm showing meet here's more
or less and from he is a little different
look like you like my new yeah yeah
I usually 700, just do not excuse me
you know what I hope they do because
that i'm not sure
give
it and so what do you need to be able to
to make window blots you need
be able to of course flasks hope you can
because on the flask the tutorial didn’t shoot
here you need to be able to lead and you need
be able to screw thats why you can
look here these are my tutorials
there I explained to you 3 st and here I explained
you screw and after returning from
by sea this tutorial
where I will try to explain to you intelligibly
how to do both with a screw and so for a start
you need to learn how to do
let's say a look in your hands with a half screw that is
you should do something like usual
immediately floor and argue and all and insert
You can even so crookedly I'll try
do not crooked although I am not a gymnast
I can hardly succeed but I will try
for you
sorry what do you need next
probably you need to learn some gamma
let me show you what to do and so
these are you on what wheel
here so survive or not come on come on
that you understand how to hat with a screw
put your hands here I do it for sure
same foot movement
although this tutorial is not yet
can you explain so little and
so to twist anopia I go
the same movement as for the flight i do
not somehow forests just wanted exactly
calling on a flight like this
position and so hope you understand it
so how are you supposed to learn flasks with
cop as I already said you should
make flasks with a half-screw rack here's
you make the same flex half screw
rack guess a little more about
return a little more add
add degrees and then you already have
get one coordination yourself
ruin it all die
make a let's try to do as you like
beginners ie do
curve slept wind-up rack and try
add
like this
discuss class got it i'm really
In fact, the young man studied exactly the same
a life
come back we will agree then when u
you are good at you jumping
over plyat completeness but at the same time put
it was such a position
so look
1 egg to turn so as not to break
this idiot through st .
as I explained to you clearly hope
Yes, and so on the flyaki screw I, as always
I do not let go of the land for a second that is
I look at the ground all the time
starting from when it came off
From the earth today I start right away
look throughout the flight as
so that's why it's easy for me i mean i don't
getting lost is not difficult for me to put my hands here
I hope you too will succeed
because it is important and cool yes how
put hands explained learn the scale
first learn to look at the rack
I hope you get it better
than me because I'm some
It turns out not flexible and can not get up with
full snag legs in general
Now still understand something that I saw
explain something here explains at me
hands put a little teach
considering so that the screws to the left but not the first
put right and after the egg something I reach
left but text growth and try to
This is very much to think because you
You can break the arm began to try
do after 2 that is how I showed
hands race wonder return hands a little
moved your body is supposed to self
understand how and when to put your hands here
I already showed you the production
there was no dislocation or anything that's
so I hope that you will succeed
vlas shoot my back
Well, so-so specifically, I think it's time
finish because Vlad can't
calm down calm down and jump on
trampoline asshole sleep and by the way i can you
advise buying cool stuff from
nozzles on they really like me
I just trudge and especially in short
T-shirts I generally wine you see I you
rendered me panties like to fold
dreamed of wine world without jokes
I asked him very strongly
But in general, I hope this tutorial for
I'm cool you were given why
so let's start it